I am a recent graduate of the MSc in Mathematical Modelling and Scientific Computing at the University of Oxford. This website highlights some of my personal and academic projects.

## Projects
Here are some of my projects. I've provided a brief summary and linked the reports I wrote for each of them. I'm currently in the process of adding links to the code and the code to my GitHub. I will try to finish it tomorrow morning (Saturday).

- [**Alternative Methods to Determine the Role of Hidden Layer Neurons in the Generative Model.**](docs/Diss-final.pdf) [Code](https://github.com/billybraith17/diss-notebooks) This was a research project in collaboration with Amazon. We adapted a novel machine learning technique, which had previously only been applied to image classification and generation networks, to audio generation networks. This involved the integration and development of Python packages, the adaptation of theory and the creation of innovative new ways to test our theories.

- [**Numerical Solutions of Differential Equations Using Neural Networks.**](docs/Computing_case_study-final.pdf) [Code](https://github.com/billybraith17/sci-comp-case-study) Following theory from the research paper _Artificial Neural Networks for Solving Ordianry and Partial Diffferential Equations_, we trained neural networks to solve differential equations as part of a group project. We  experimented with hyperparameters to show their effect on the quality of our solutions. Finally, we each individually completed extentensions, mine being solving PDEs in three dimensions, and each wrote a report on what we had done.

- [**Implementing Finite Difference Schemes and GMRES to Solve Poisson's Equation in One, Two and Three Dimensions.**](docs/C___project-final.pdf) [Code](https://github.com/billybraith17/cpp-for-scientific-computing) We programmed matrix and vector classes in C++. Operators were overloaded to allow for robust, MATLAB-like functionality. We then implemented linear solvers, including Gaussian elimination and GMRES, allowing us to solve PDEs using finite difference schemes and solved them in up to three dimensions.

- [**Modelling RNA Velocity and Gene Regulatory Networks with Neural Networks.**](docs/Modelling_case_study-final.pdf) [Code](https://github.com/billybraith17/modelling-case-study) There is a Python package, Dynamo, used by biology researchers to model how cells change from one type to another. This package was prone to giving inaccurate results hence, for a group project, we trained neural networks to replace the mathematical models used by the package and integrated our models with the package. We also used these networks to gain other insights into the biology, such as the gene regulatory network.

- [**Exploring the Computational Properties of Infinite Width Neural Networks.**](docs/final-draft.pdf) We investigated modelling the training of neural networks using the neural tangent kernel and infinitely wide neural networks. Starting from the basics of the theory, we progress to talking about bounding the errors in prediction for high width networks and finally we ran code to compare the results of infinitely wide neural network to that of real neural networks trained on a task.

- [**An in-Depth Look at Modularity Methods for Community Detection.**](docs/Networks_project-final.pdf) We investigated modularity as a means of detecting communities in networks. We started from first principles discussing how modularity can be used to find communities in networks, then continued to how modularity methods have inherent issues as a result of the way modularity is defined and how methods have been developed to deal with these issues. Ultimately, we built up to how modularity methods are being used in recently released papers and we ran some numerical simulations to back up the theory and compare different methods.  
